Sponsor: Hirono
Party: Mazie K. [Sen.-D-HI] (Submitted 04/03/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2210]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1429. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
her to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
2025 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2026 through 2034; which was ordered to lie on the table; as 
follows:
       At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. ___. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO LOWERING 
                   ENERGY COSTS AND PRODUCING MORE CLEAN ENERGY.
       The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate 
     may revise the allocations of a committee or committees

     aggregates
and other appropriate levels in this resolution

     and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger
for one or 
     more bills
joint resolutions
amendments
amendments between 
     the Houses
motions
or conference reports relating to 
     lowering energy costs for consumers
reducing the dependence 
     of the United States on imported energy
accelerating the 
     research
development
demonstration
and deployment of clean 
     energy technologies
including renewable energy

     strengthening manufacturing supply chains for clean energy

     improving electricity transmission and distribution

     encouraging energy efficiency
and making improvements to the 
     low-income home energy assistance program established under 
     the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 
     8621 et seq.) and the weatherization assistance program 
     established under part A of title IV of the Energy 
     Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6861 et seq.) by 
     the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes

     provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit 
     over the period of the total of fiscal years 2025 through 
     2034.
                                 ______

04/03/2025
Senate amendment submitted
