Sponsor: Kaine
Party: Tim [Sen.-D-VA] (Submitted 04/04/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2384]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1789. Mr. KAINE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
2025 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2026 through 2034; which was ordered to lie on the table; as 
follows:
       At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. __. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE REPORT ON THE ECONOMIC

                   FISCAL
AND OPERATIONAL EFFECTS OF MASS 
                   LAYOFFS
FIRINGS
OR INVOLUNTARY SEPARATIONS OF 
                   FEDERAL EMPLOYEES WHO ARE ALSO VETERANS.
       (a) In General.--Not later than 180 days after the date of 
     the adoption of this resolution
the Director of the 
     Congressional Budget Office shall submit to Congress a report 
     analyzing the short- and long-term effects of mass layoffs

     firings
or involuntary separations of Federal employees who 
     are veterans.
       (b) Elements.--The report required by subsection (a) shall 
     include the following:
       (1) A description of the effects on Federal spending

     unemployment rates
and gross domestic product.
       (2) A description of the implications for veterans' 
     benefits
workforce training programs
and social safety net 
     costs.
       (3) A description of the impact on agency efficiency

     mission readiness
and the loss of institutional knowledge.
       (4) A description of trends in veterans' reintegration into 
     the workforce and barriers to reemployment following 
     separation.
       (5) An analysis of how reductions in veteran employment 
     within Federal agencies could affect agencies critical to 
     national security
defense
and public safety.
       (6) Historical data on past reductions in force affecting 
     veterans
comparisons to private-sector trends
and policy 
     recommendations to mitigate negative effects.
       (c) Public Availability.--Upon submission of the report 
     required by subsection (a) to Congress
the Director of the 
     Congressional Budget Office shall make the report publicly 
     available on the website of the Congressional Budget Office

     except for any classified or sensitive information.
                                 ______

04/04/2025
Senate amendment submitted
