Sponsor: Hirono
Party: Mazie K. [Sen.-D-HI] (Submitted 04/03/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2238]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1628. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
her to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
2025 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2026 through 2034; which was ordered to lie on the table; as 
follows:
       At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. ___. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST RECONCILIATION LEGISLATION 
                   IF THE PRESIDENT HAS MADE A CHANGE TO THE 
                   IMPLEMENTATION OF SECTION 7103 OF TITLE 5

                   UNITED STATES CODE
BY EXECUTIVE ORDER.
       (a) Point of Order.--It shall not be in order in the Senate 
     to consider a reconciliation bill or a reconciliation 
     resolution pursuant to pursuant to section 2002
or an 
     amendment to
conference report on
or amendment between the 
     Houses in relation to such a bill or joint resolution
if

     during the 1-year period preceding such consideration
the 
     President made a change to the implementation of section 7103 
     of title 5
United States Code
authorizing the President to 
     void a collective bargaining agreement applicable to an 
     agency or subdivision of an agency if the President 
     determines that--
       (1) the agency or subdivision has as a primary function 
     intelligence
counterintelligence
investigative
or national 
     security work; and
       (2) the provisions of chapter 71 of title 5
United States 
     Code
cannot be applied to that agency or subdivision in a 
     manner consistent with national security requirements and 
     considerations.
       (b) Waiver and Appeal.--Subsection (a) may be waived or 
     suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-
     fifths of the Members
duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative 
     vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate
duly 
     chosen and sworn
shall be required to sustain an appeal of 
     the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under 
     subsection (a).
                                 ______

04/03/2025
Senate amendment submitted
