Sponsor: Lujan
Party: Ben Ray [Sen.-D-NM] (Submitted 04/03/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Pages S2257-S2258]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1723. Mr. LUJAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
2025 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2026 through 2034; which was ordered to lie on the table; as 
follows:
       At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. ___. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ESTIMATE OF THE 
                   ECONOMIC HARDSHIP AND COSTS INCURRED BY 
                   VETERANS FROM CUTS TO THE WORKFORCE OF THE 
                   DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS.
       (a) Estimate Required.--The Congressional Budget Office 
     shall prepare an analysis estimating the economic
health

     and social impacts of reductions in the workforce of the 
     Department of Veterans Affairs on veterans
their families

     and caregivers.
       (b) Scope of Analysis.--The estimate prepared pursuant to 
     subsection (a) shall include the following:
       (1) An assessment of the financial impact on veterans

     including increased out-of-pocket costs
lost wages due to 
     delayed services
and any additional financial burdens 
     related to health care access.
[[Page S2258]]
       (2) An evaluation of appointment wait times
specialty care 
     availability
and emergency services affected by workforce 
     reductions.
       (3) An estimate of increased delays in processing 
     Department benefits claims and appeals
leading to potential 
     financial instability for veterans.
       (4) An analysis of how workforce reductions may 
     disproportionately affect rural and underserved veterans.
       (5) An estimate of potential increased Federal expenditures 
     resulting from workforce reductions
such as higher Medicaid 
     enrollment
increased mental health crises
and long-term 
     disability claims.
       (c) Reporting Requirement.--Not later than 180 days after 
     the date of the adoption of this resolution
the Office 
     shall--
       (1) submit to Congress a report detailing the findings of 
     the Office with respect to the analysis prepared pursuant to 
     subsection (a); and
       (2) make available to the public the report submitted 
     pursuant to paragraph (1).
       (d) Consultation.--In preparing the analysis required by 
     subsection (a)
the Office shall consult with such 
     stakeholders as the Office considers appropriate
including 
     the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
veterans service 
     organizations
and independent policy experts.
                                 ______

04/03/2025
Senate amendment submitted
