Sponsor: Peters
Party: Gary C. [Sen.-D-MI] (Submitted 04/03/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2195]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1326. Mr. PETERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
2025 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2026 through 2034; which was ordered to lie on the table; as 
follows:
       At the end of title III
add the following:
     SEC. 3___. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO 
                   DISCLOSING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST OF SPECIAL 
                   GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES.
       The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate 
     may revise the allocations of a committee or committees

     aggregates
and other appropriate levels in this resolution

     and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger
for one or 
     more bills
joint resolutions
amendments
amendments between 
     the Houses
motions
or conference reports relating to ethics 
     in government
including ensuring that each special 
     Government employee (as defined in section 202 of title 18

     United States Code) of the Executive Office of the President 
     shall complete a public financial disclosure form
shall 
     divest stock or themselves of any position in any company 
     that does business with the Government and has interests that 
     may be affected by the performance or nonperformance of the 
     special Government employee's duties
or shall not have 
     controlling interest in an entity that is in receipt of a 
     contract with
grant from
subsidy from
or other business 
     agreement with the People's Republic of China or any other 
     covered nation (as defined in section 4872 of title 10

     United States Code)
or else any companies associated with 
     such special Government employee are barred from contracting 
     with the Government
by the amounts provided in such 
     legislation for those purposes
provided that such 
     legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of 
     the total of fiscal years 2025 through 2034.
                                 ______

04/03/2025
Senate amendment submitted
