Sponsor: Peters
Party: Gary C. [Sen.-D-MI] (Submitted 04/04/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2404]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1924. Mr. PETERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
2025 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2026 through 2034; which was ordered to lie on the table; as 
follows:
       At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. ___. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING 
                   THAT ENERGY RESOURCES DERIVED IN THE UNITED 
                   STATES STAY IN THE UNITED STATES
AND LOWERING 
                   ENERGY PRICES FOR FAMILIES AND BUSINESSES IN 
                   THE UNITED STATES INSTEAD OF ALLOWING THESE 
                   RESOURCES TO BE SHIPPED OVERSEAS.
       The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate 
     may revise the allocations of a committee or committees

     aggregates
and other appropriate levels in this resolution

     and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger
for one or 
     more bills
joint resolutions
amendments
amendments between 
     the Houses
motions
or conference reports relating to 
     lowering energy costs
which may include prohibiting 
     extraction of energy resources from public lands or waters 
     unless United States consumers are the primary beneficiaries

     prohibiting energy resources extracted from public lands or 
     waters in the United States from being shipped overseas or 
     from benefitting foreign entities of concern
prohibiting 
     companies with ties to foreign entities of concern from 
     bidding on Federal lease sales
prohibiting the export of 
     domestically produced oil overseas if the average retail 
     price of gasoline in the United States exceeds $2.50 per 
     gallon
prohibiting the export of domestically extracted 
     energy resources if the President has declared a national 
     energy emergency
or prohibiting the export of domestically 
     produced natural gas overseas if year-over-year domestic 
     energy prices have increased
if domestic energy prices are 
     above their long-run average
or if increases in year-over-
     year energy prices outpace inflation
by the amounts provided 
     in such legislation for those purposes
provided that such 
     legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of 
     the total of fiscal years 2025 through 2034.
                                 ______

04/04/2025
Senate amendment submitted
