Sponsor: Booker
Party: Cory A. [Sen.-D-NJ] (Submitted 04/04/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2412]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1984. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
2025 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2026 through 2034; which was ordered to lie on the table; as 
follows:
       At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. ___. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST UNDERMINING ACCESS TO 
                   COMPREHENSIVE
AFFORDABLE HEALTH COVERAGE FOR 
                   AMERICA'S CHILDREN AND MOTHERS.
       (a) Point of Order.--It shall not be in order in the Senate 
     to consider any bill
joint resolution
motion
amendment

     amendment between the Houses
or conference report that makes 
     changes to the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social 
     Security Act
the Children's Health Insurance Program under 
     title XXI of such Act
or Federal requirements for private 
     health insurance coverage
unless the Director of the 
     Congressional Budget Office determines that such changes 
     would not result in lower coverage rates
reduced benefits

     or decreased affordability for children and pregnant women 
     receiving coverage through the Medicaid program
the 
     Children's Health Insurance Program
or the private insurance 
     marketplaces established under the Patient Protection and 
     Affordable Care Act.
       (b) Waiver and Appeal.--Subsection (a) may be waived or 
     suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-
     fifths of the Members
duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative 
     vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate
duly 
     chosen and sworn
shall be required to sustain an appeal of 
     the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under 
     subsection (a).
                                 ______

04/04/2025
Senate amendment submitted
