Sponsor: King
Party: Angus S.

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2394]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1854. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 
2025 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2026 through 2034; which was ordered to lie on the table; as 
follows:
       At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. ___. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO HELPING 
                   FIRE DEPARTMENTS.
       The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate 
     may revise the allocations of a committee or committees

     aggregates
and other appropriate levels in this resolution

     and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger
for one or 
     more bills
joint resolutions
amendments
amendments between 
     the Houses
motions
or conference reports relating to 
     providing critically needed equipment
protective gear

     emergency vehicles
training
and other resources needed to 
     protect the public and emergency personnel from fire and 
     fire-related hazards
which may include safeguarding the 
     staffing for adequate fire and emergency response grants 
     under section 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control 
     Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a) that was created to provide 
     funding directly to fire departments and volunteer 
     firefighter interest organizations to help the departments 
     and organizations increase or maintain the number of trained

     ``front line'' firefighters available in their communities

     by the amounts provided in such legislation for those 
     purposes
provided that such legislation would not increase 
     the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2025 
     through 2034.
                                 ______

04/04/2025
Senate amendment submitted
