Sponsor: Shaheen
Party: Jeanne [Sen.-D-NH] (Submitted 04/04/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2413]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1987. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 1717 proposed by Mr. Graham to the concurrent 
resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the congressional budget for 
the United States Government for fiscal year 2025 and setting forth the 
appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2026 through 2034; which 
was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
        At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. ___. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROTECTING 
                   MILITARY READINESS BY REQUIRING THE TRACKING 
                   AND REIMBURSEMENT OF NON-TRADITIONAL DEFENSE 
                   EXPENDITURES.
       The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate 
     may revise the allocations of a committee or committees

     aggregates
and other appropriate levels in this resolution

     and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger
for one or 
     more bills
joint resolutions
amendments
amendments between 
     the Houses
motions
or conference reports relating to 
     protecting military readiness by ensuring military costs and 
     activities are properly documented and reimbursed
which may 
     include documenting all costs associated with the use of 
     military aircraft and aircrew for the purposes of 
     transporting migrants from the United States to any other 
     location and reimbursing those costs to the Department of 
     Defense
documenting all costs associated with the expansion

     construction
and maintenance of the Migrant Operations 
     Center at Guantanamo Bay and reimbursing those costs to the 
     Department of Defense
documenting all costs associated with 
     the use of military personnel to perform functions at the 
     Migrant Operations Center at Guantanamo Bay and reimbursing 
     those costs to the Department of Defense
documenting all 
     costs associated with the deployment of active-duty military 
     personnel to the Southern Border of the United States
or 
     documenting all costs associated with the expansion

     construction
and maintenance of a wall or barrier on the 
     border between the United States and Mexico and reimbursing 
     those costs to the Department of Defense
by the amounts 
     provided in such legislation for those purposes
provided 
     that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the 
     period of the total of fiscal years 2025 through 2034.
                                 ______

04/04/2025
Senate amendment submitted
