Sponsor: Kim
Party: Andy [Sen.-D-NJ] (Submitted 04/03/2025)

-- AMENDMENT TEXT --

[Page S2213]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
  SA 1450. Mr. KIM (for himself
Ms. Alsobrooks
and Ms. Duckworth) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent 
resolution H. Con. Res. 14
establishing the congressional budget for 
the United States Government for fiscal year 2025 and setting forth the 
appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2026 through 2034; which 
was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:
       At the appropriate place
insert the following:
     SEC. ___. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLATION THAT WOULD MAKE 
                   CHILDREN WITH DISABILITIES OR CHRONIC 
                   CONDITIONS SICK AGAIN.
       (a) Point of Order.--It shall not be in order in the Senate 
     to consider any bill
joint resolution
motion
amendment

     amendment between the Houses
or conference report that 
     would--
       (1) limit
reduce
or eliminate access to care for children 
     with a preexisting condition (such as a disability or chronic 
     condition)
which is prohibited under section 2704 of the 
     Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg-3);
       (2) place a lifetime or annual cap on health insurance 
     coverage for a child with a disability or a chronic 
     condition
which is prohibited under section 2711 of the 
     Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg-11); or
       (3) allow a health plan or a provider to discriminate on 
     the basis of a child's physical health
mental health
or 
     disability status to increase the cost of care
provide for 
     fewer benefits
or in any way decrease access to health care 
     that is afforded under title I of the Patient Protection and 
     Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148) or the amendments 
     made by such Act.
       (b) Waiver and Appeal.--Subsection (a) may be waived or 
     suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-
     fifths of the Members
duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative 
     vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate
duly 
     chosen and sworn
shall be required to sustain an appeal of 
     the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under 
     subsection (a).
                                 ______

04/03/2025
Senate amendment submitted
